rn: hotfix v13.7.2 (#2111)
mia-platform/documentation: versioned_docs/version-13.x.x/release-notes/v13.7.2.md

---
id: v13.7.2
title: Version 13.7.2 Release Notes
sidebar_label: v13.7.2
image: "img/release-note-link-preview.png"
---

_April 30th, 2025_

## Console

### Bug Fix

This version address the following bugs:

> - Envoy-based API gateway external proxy now workin correctly, before this version an external proxy created using Envoy would make requests looping back to the same host that exposes the proxy API.

Author: ```suggestion
- Envoy-based API Gateway external proxy now working correctly. Prior this version an external proxy created using Envoy would make requests looping back to the same host that exposes the proxy API.

```
